Business name: Poochie Doo Pet Grooming
Address: 149 N Broadway, South Amboy, NJ 08879
Phone: +17325251172
Email: poochiedoogrooming@gmail.com
Business type (e.g. bakery, plumbing, hair salon): Pet groomer
Website (their current site, if any): 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Poochiedoogrooming/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/poochie_doo_grooming/
Rating: 4.6
Review count: 94
Year established: 
Price range: 
Hours: Thursday: 9 AM–5 PM | Friday(Juneteenth): 9 AM–6 PM Hours might differ | Saturday: 9 AM–5 PM | Sunday: Closed | Monday: Closed | Tuesday: 11 AM–5 PM | Wednesday: 9 AM–5 PM
Services: connection_quality, latency_level, is_ad, content_category
About: Poochie Doo Grooming, South Amboy. 678 likes · 323 talking about this · 190 were here. We are a full service Dog Grooming salon.We’re Appointment only. Please call 732-525-1172 to make a appointment....
Lead reason (why they need a site): No website
Notes (anything specific worth referencing on the site): 

Customer reviews (GENUINE — real reviews scraped from Google Maps.
These are real, so they may be used as actual testimonials on the
site. Do NOT label them as samples; only invented quotes get that):
- "Poochie Doo does amazing work. They do my 2 English Cream Golden Retrievers. My boys get so excited to go for their spa day. Stacie and Brenda always do an awesome job on them. The bathers are great too. The prices are not crazy like other groomers. I definitely recommend Poochie Doo." — denise fylypczuk, 5★, 5 months ago
- "I’ve been taking my dog to Poochie Doo for over four years now and I absolutely love it. At one point, my dog also did training there, and it went amazing. The entire staff is super kind, professional, and truly cares about the dogs. They always do an incredible job, and I trust them completely. Highly recommend☺️10/10!" — Tiffany De la Cruz, 5★, 2 months ago
- "I wouldn’t say this is a complain more so constructive criticism. We’ve taken our dog here a couple times before and hadn’t had any issues but this time around was different. I’m not sure what happened while he was getting his hair cut but there is a significant amount missing right in the crook of his little leg, it seems as though in that one spot the shaved him w a number 1 or no guard at all. I’m very displeased with our service this time around as my dog is now uncomfortable and constantly wanting to itch at his leg. Please be more careful with someone else dog next time." — Nicole Muñoz, 1★, 11 months ago
- "Avoid this grooming place by all means. They are rude, passive aggressive, uncooperative, extremely overpriced and have ridiculous rules. You are a bit late, they’ll charge you $15 extra. You want to reschedule, there is a $25 fee. Their grooming is mediocre at best and they charge almost $100 for a small dog. And they overbook and make pets sit in cages forever waiting for their turn." — elena chkolnikova, 1★, 5 months ago
- "I’ve been bringing my dog there for 5 years now. When I open the door to bring her in, she is so happy she loves going there and the work that the girls do over there is fantastic. My pet always looks good. Smells good her ears are so clean. Her nails are done great the cut ( style) is so perfect. I highly recommend this grooming shop. I give it five stars #. ⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️🐩" — Diane, 5★, a year ago
